MTM-63368 Changelog for microservice upload version changes (#3446)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-192.0-microservices-upload-version-changes.md

---
date: 2025-06-12

> title: Deploying older microservices versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Re-upload of previous microservice versions
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-63368
version: 2025.192.0
---

> Previously, the deployment of older microservice versions was restricted to development builds only containing the -SNAPSHOT suffix in the version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, uploading older microservice versions was restricted to development builds only containing that contained the -SNAPSHOT suffix in the version.
```

> Previously, the deployment of older microservice versions was restricted to development builds only containing the -SNAPSHOT suffix in the version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the deployment of older microservice versions was restricted to development builds containing the -SNAPSHOT suffix in the version. 
```

Author: I have accepted a suggestion from Martin for restructuring this part and the word "only" is not used anymore. Could you please check whether it is ok with you?

Author: After accepting another suggestion, this one became outdated. Could you please check whether the current version is ok with you?

> This constraint has now been relaxed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This constraint has now been removed.
```

It is now possible to upload older versions of a microservice, provided that the uploaded image matches the one already stored in the Docker registry. 

> Core still validates the docker image manifest and will reject the upload if it differs from the existing one in the registry. However, uploading identical images for an older version is now allowed.

Reviewer: I would suggest removing these sentences because they simply repeat was has been said in the previous sentence.
```suggestion
```

For microservices in development with the -SNAPSHOT suffix in the version, there are no restrictions on the image content. 

> Older versions with the same or different image content can be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions with the same or different image content can be deployed.

This improvement allows you to rollback to a previously used version of the microservice. So far it was necessary to either delete the microservice application and re-upload the earlier version, or rebuild and re-upload the same binaries with an incremented version number.
```
